1)What is the difference between Internal Storage & External Storage?

answer:-
Internal storage is seen as an integral part of your computing device. External storage is something you add on.
That's really the only mandatory distinction. Both get power and are connected to the computer, but those can vary a bit, 
internal to external.
An internal drive is, naturally, always powered by the device it's within: your PC, your phone, your tablet. 
Some external devices contain their own power supplies and plug in independently of the controlling device: most RAID, JBOD, eSATA, 
and NAS devices do this, either because the data connection doesn't provide power, or because the device needs more power than the 
interface can provide. Others can be powered by the controlling device. USB hard drives go both ways (computer-powered or 
self-powered), but memory cards and USB memory sticks are nearly always powered by the controlling device (or a powered hub).

The interface can vary a bit, too. The original parallel SATA was pretty much an in-the-box only interconnect. Back in those days, 
if you took apart an external USB drive box, you'd probably find a PSATA drive inside, along with a tiny controller board that 
converted USB protocols to SATA protocols. These days, if you open up an external USB hard drive or SSD, you'll probably find a 
SATA device inside. And of course, most SSDs and HDDs are still SATA these days, inside the computer.

In short, there's really no difference in the storage device itself... it's just the power, packaging, and maybe an intermediate 
interface: USB and, more recently, Thunderbolt are fast enough for any drive these days, and they work over much longer cable runs 
than eSATA. And in the case of USB, it's a standard connection: any old PC, most phones, and most tablets can connect up directly 
to a USB device.

External storage is outside the computer enclosure. Internal is inside. 
External storage sometimes needs an additional power source, internal is connected to the computer power supply. 
External storage can use the same sort of connection (SATA) as internal, but it frequently just uses USB as that is more common. 
USB can be slower. FireWire and other approaches can be used. 
External storage sometimes needs a drive controller while internal operates using components on the motherboard. 